NOTES.md, before:

# NOTES

Documentation should use urls.

Are function names case insensitive? Yes!

Add date and handle types with "B1" and "B2"? Excel seems to ignore the 1 and 2.

#define XLLEXPORT __pragma(...), constexpr check of __FUNCTION__ ??? or generate add-in ???

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/excel/make-custom-functions-compatible-with-xll-udf
Adds formula auto complete.

Generate JS from AddIn?

Use function tests instead of lambdas.
Get names from nm | grep '^test'
Allow wildcards.

Use xlfRegister("file.xll") to require add-in. Versions?

Create zip file for visualizers and project template to replace msi.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/client-developer/excel/how-to-call-xll-functions-from-the-function-wizard-or-replace-dialog-boxes?redirectedfrom=MSDN

#define CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE  50
#define WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE  50
// Data structure used as input to xldlg_enum_proc(), called by
// called_from_paste_fn_dlg(), called_from_replace_dlg(), and
// called_from_Excel_dlg(). These functions tell the caller whether
// the current worksheet function was called from one or either of
// these dialog boxes.
typedef struct
{
  bool is_dlg;
  short low_hwnd;
  char *window_title_text; // set to NULL if don't care
}
  xldlg_enum_struct;
// The callback function called by Windows for every top-level window.
BOOL CALLBACK xldlg_enum_proc(HWND hwnd, xldlg_enum_struct *p_enum)
{
// Check if the parent window is Excel.
// Note: Because of the change from MDI (Excel 2010)
// to SDI (Excel 2013), comment out this step in Excel 2013.
  if(LOWORD((DWORD)GetParent(hwnd)) != p_enum->low_hwnd)
    return TRUE; // keep iterating
  char class_name[CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE + 1];
//  Ensure that class_name is always null terminated for safety.
  class_name[CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE] = 0;
  GetClassName(hwnd, class_name, CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE);
//  Do a case-insensitve comparison for the Excel dialog window
//  class name with the Excel version number truncated.
  size_t len; // The length of the window's title text
  if(_strnicmp(class_name, "bosa_sdm_xl", 11) == 0)
  {
// Check if a searching for a specific title string
    if(p_enum->window_title_text) 
    {
// Get the window's title and see if it matches the given text.
      char buffer[WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE + 1];
      buffer[WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE] = 0;
      len = GetWindowText(hwnd, buffer, WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE);
      if(len == 0) // No title
      {
        if(p_enum->window_title_text[0] != 0)
          return TRUE; // No match, so keep iterating
      }
// Window has a title so do a case-insensitive comparison of the
// title and the search text, if provided.
      else if(p_enum->window_title_text[0] != 0
      && _stricmp(buffer, p_enum->window_title_text) != 0)
        return TRUE; // Keep iterating
    }
    p_enum->is_dlg = true;
    return FALSE; // Tells Windows to stop iterating.
  }
  return TRUE; // Tells Windows to continue iterating.
}

bool called_from_paste_fn_dlg(void)
{
    XLOPER xHwnd;
// Calls Excel4, which only returns the low part of the Excel
// main window handle. This is OK for the search however.
    if(Excel4(xlGetHwnd, &xHwnd, 0))
        return false; // Couldn't get it, so assume not
// Search for bosa_sdm_xl* dialog box with no title string.
    xldlg_enum_struct es = {FALSE, xHwnd.val.w, ""};
    EnumWindows((WNDENUMPROC)xldlg_enum_proc, (LPARAM)&es);
    return es.is_dlg;
}

Commit message:

Fix handle leak for temporary handles.

NOTES.md, after:

# NOTES

Documentation should use urls.

Are function names case insensitive? Yes!

Add date and handle types with "B1" and "B2"? Excel seems to ignore the 1 and 2.

#define XLLEXPORT __pragma(...), constexpr check of __FUNCTION__ ??? or generate add-in ???

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/excel/make-custom-functions-compatible-with-xll-udf
Adds formula auto complete.

Generate JS from AddIn?

Use function tests instead of lambdas.
Get names from nm | grep '^test'
Allow wildcards.

Use xlfRegister("file.xll") to require add-in. Versions?

Create zip file for visualizers and project template to replace msi.

Handles keep track of caller. If member function has a handle in the same cell then delete it.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/client-developer/excel/how-to-call-xll-functions-from-the-function-wizard-or-replace-dialog-boxes?redirectedfrom=MSDN

#define CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE  50
#define WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE  50
// Data structure used as input to xldlg_enum_proc(), called by
// called_from_paste_fn_dlg(), called_from_replace_dlg(), and
// called_from_Excel_dlg(). These functions tell the caller whether
// the current worksheet function was called from one or either of
// these dialog boxes.
typedef struct
{
  bool is_dlg;
  short low_hwnd;
  char *window_title_text; // set to NULL if don't care
}
  xldlg_enum_struct;
// The callback function called by Windows for every top-level window.
BOOL CALLBACK xldlg_enum_proc(HWND hwnd, xldlg_enum_struct *p_enum)
{
// Check if the parent window is Excel.
// Note: Because of the change from MDI (Excel 2010)
// to SDI (Excel 2013), comment out this step in Excel 2013.
  if(LOWORD((DWORD)GetParent(hwnd)) != p_enum->low_hwnd)
    return TRUE; // keep iterating
  char class_name[CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE + 1];
//  Ensure that class_name is always null terminated for safety.
  class_name[CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE] = 0;
  GetClassName(hwnd, class_name, CLASS_NAME_BUFFSIZE);
//  Do a case-insensitve comparison for the Excel dialog window
//  class name with the Excel version number truncated.
  size_t len; // The length of the window's title text
  if(_strnicmp(class_name, "bosa_sdm_xl", 11) == 0)
  {
// Check if a searching for a specific title string
    if(p_enum->window_title_text) 
    {
// Get the window's title and see if it matches the given text.
      char buffer[WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE + 1];
      buffer[WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE] = 0;
      len = GetWindowText(hwnd, buffer, WINDOW_TEXT_BUFFSIZE);
      if(len == 0) // No title
      {
        if(p_enum->window_title_text[0] != 0)
          return TRUE; // No match, so keep iterating
      }
// Window has a title so do a case-insensitive comparison of the
// title and the search text, if provided.
      else if(p_enum->window_title_text[0] != 0
      && _stricmp(buffer, p_enum->window_title_text) != 0)
        return TRUE; // Keep iterating
    }
    p_enum->is_dlg = true;
    return FALSE; // Tells Windows to stop iterating.
  }
  return TRUE; // Tells Windows to continue iterating.
}

bool called_from_paste_fn_dlg(void)
{
    XLOPER xHwnd;
// Calls Excel4, which only returns the low part of the Excel
// main window handle. This is OK for the search however.
    if(Excel4(xlGetHwnd, &xHwnd, 0))
        return false; // Couldn't get it, so assume not
// Search for bosa_sdm_xl* dialog box with no title string.
    xldlg_enum_struct es = {FALSE, xHwnd.val.w, ""};
    EnumWindows((WNDENUMPROC)xldlg_enum_proc, (LPARAM)&es);
    return es.is_dlg;
}
